Plays at beginning of level 2-2

Tatsumi: We’ve made it pretty far; how much time is left?
Haruna: Only two hours, Tatsumi.  However, the Orochi is definitely nearby; this presence is unmistakable.  
Tatsumi: Right.  We’ll rest for ten minutes and be on our way.  That good with you, Kyoko?
Kyoko: I... I’m not really up for this... 
Haruna: Huh?  What do you mean?  
Kyoko: Well, can’t we just leave this up to the Kusanagi System?  I mean, at this rate we can still make it back, you know?  Besides, the people can always find another place to live, and-
Haruna: Are you serious!
Tatsumi: Kyoko, what’s going on?  
Kyoko: You know, the usual!  I’m so exhausted, and my feet are killing me, and really, let’s just leave this up to someone else-
Tatsumi: Kyoko.  I don’t believe you.  
Kyoko: Huh?  What are you talking about, I’m-
Tatsumi: Kyoko.  You aren’t that callous, so don’t pretend.  I don’t know why you’re so terrified of Orochi, but I’ll help you through it.  No one’s going to die.  Not me, not you, and not anymore innocent people.  
Kyoko: Tatsumi... 
Tatsumi: Besides, we’ve still got to hit up those baths!  So let’s go, Kyoko!  We’ll do this together.  
Kyoko: Tatsumi, you really are... thanks.  Thank you!
Tatsumi: It’s no problem at all!
Kyoko: Still, you’re quite the pervert, aren’t you? 
Tatsumi: Huh? 
Kyoko: You said it yourself, didn’t you?  That you wanted to bathe with me?  
Tatsumi:  W-What?  No no no, I didn’t mean it like that!  
Kyoko:  I might even have to fill out a sexual harassment form.  
Tatsumi: I’m telling you, it’s a misunderstanding!  Kyoko, please!
Haruna: Tatsumi.  
Tatsumi: Y-Yes, Haruna?  
Haruna: Let’s get a move on.  
Tatsumi: R-Right.  

Plays before Yamato-no-Orochi (Snake) is faced

Haruna: Tatsumi, are you sensing this!?  
Tatsumi: Yeah, there’s no doubt about it.  Yamato-no-Orochi’s just head.  Kyoko, are you ready?  
Kyoko: R-Ready as I’ll ever be.  Don’t worry about me; I won’t run away.  
Tatsumi: Alright then.  We don’t have much time, so let’s finish this off and get out of here.  Team, move out!  
Haruna: Right!
Kyoko: Right! 

Plays after Yamato-no-Orochi is defeated

Tatsumi: Excellent!  Haruna, contact HQ!  Tell them to cancel the Kusanagi System!  
Haruna: R-Right!  Kyoto Exorcism Bureau, Main Branch, this is Exorcist Haruna Suzunashi!  Yamato-no-Orochi has been defeated; deactivate the Kusanagi System!  I repeat, Yamato-no-Orochi has been defeated; deactivate the Kusanagi System!  
HQ: W-What?  What are you doing at those coordinates?  Didn’t you get the orders to evacuate?
Haruna: That’s not important right now!  Deactivate the Kusanagi System, there’s only 10 minutes left!  
HQ: R-Right!  Boss, there’s a situation you need to hear about!  
Kyoko: So now we wait?  
Tatsumi: There’s nothing else we can do at this point.  
HQ: Exorcists Suzunashi, Hasegawa and Akabane, you’ve got a lot of nerve disobeying direct orders.  
Haruna: We’ll take on whatever punishment is necessary.  But what about the Kusanagi System; is it deactivated?  
HQ: The Kusanagi System has been deactivated due to these extraordinary circumstances.  However, we’re still gauging the fallout of the situation.  Remain on standby until further notice.  
Haruna: Right.  Exorcist Suzunashi, signing off.  
Tatsumi: That’s a relief.  Still… Ugh, I’m going to end up on probation again… 
Haruna: Ahhh, my perfect record!  I’d even managed to keep it despite partnering with you, but… 
Tatsumi: How are you doing, Kyoko?  
Kyoko: Hmm… better.  
Tatsumi: Alright, then.  Well, we’ve got a bit of time, so let’s rest before HQ tears us to pieces! 
Haruna: Right…
