Tatsumi: I can’t believe we got called off of standby so quickly!
Kyoko: I barely got five hours of sleep!  
Tatsumi: Ugh, and we had to hurry out here so quickly, too.  Where are we anyways, Haruna?  I was so tired I barely heard the briefing.  
Haruna: Just over those hills are the Plains of Nasu.  
Kyoko: The Plains... of Nasu!? 
Tatsumi: Oh man... this isn’t good at all.  I’m wide awake now; Haruna, tell me everything about the situation.  
Haruna: Our orders were to standby here until further notice.  What’s so bad about the Plains of Nasu?  
Tatsumi: I’m amazed you don’t know about this, Haruna.  I guess when you’re off, you’re really off... 
Haruna: Would someone just tell me what’s going on!  
HQ: Kyoto Exorcists Hasegawa, Suzunashi and Akabane, report.
Kyoko: All three are present!  What’s the situation?  
HQ: We’ve identified the source of the recent outbreak of Monstrosities throughout the region.  The Monstrosity-sealing artifact known as the Sesshouseki has broken, releasing countless numbers of them across Japan.  We’ve mobilized every remaining Exorcist fit for duty to eliminate the Monstrosities and repair the Sesshouseki.  
Kyoko: But that’s not all there is, is there? 
HQ: Preliminary reports have indicated the presence of an exceptional powerful Monstrosity.  We believe that the creature is-
Tatsumi: Tamamo-no-Mae... the Nine-Tailed Fox.  
Haruna: T-The Nine-Tailed Fox!?  We have to fight that? 
HQ: Your orders are as follows.  Enter the Plains of Nasu, travel to the Sesshouseki and repair it.  Exorcise any Monstrosity on your way.  The other Exorcists have received the same mission; however, do not count on them for backup.  Understood? 
Tatsumi: Understood.  Any questions, Haruna?  
Haruna: What about the Kusanagi System?  The Plains should be remote enough where citizens won't be affected.  
HQ: Due to the... unorthodox... manner of the shutdown of the Kusunagi System, it is unusable, and will remain so for months at the least.  As a result, we are forced to mobilize every Exorcist.
Tatsumi: Ehehehe... whoops... 
HQ: Do you have any further questions?
Haruna: No.  Exorcist Haruna Suzunashi, reporting out!  
Kyoko: The Nine-Tailed Fox, huh?  They’re certainly making us earn our salaries.  
Tatsumi: I’ll say.  At any rate, we have our mission!  Kyoto Exorcists, move out! 
Haruna: Right! 
Kyoko: Right! 
