Takes place before level
Haruna: We’re finally at the rendezvous point... I’m exhausted... 
Tatsumi: These are the right coordinates, right?  
Haruna: I triple-checked them; they’ve got to be!  D-Did I screw up again... 
Tatsumi: Then where is everybody?  
Kyoko: Sorry, just me.  I hope you aren’t disappointed.  
Tatsumi: Gaaahh!  Where’d you come from!?  
Kyoko: From right behind you, obviously.  I’m right here, you know?
Tatsumi: That doesn’t answer my question at all!  Anyways, who are you? 
Kyoko: That’s terribly rude of you, isn’t it?  Shouldn’t you introduce yourself first before asking someone’s name?  
Tatsumi: Kyoto Exorcist Tatsumi Hasegawa, reporting in!  
Haruna: I-I’m Haruna Suzunashi, Kyoto Exorcist!  Reporting in!  
Kyoko: Oh wow, you really did the whole thing?  That’s pretty straightlaced of you.  How awkward.  
Tatsumi: A-Anyways, you still never said your name!  Just who are you?
Kyoko: Kyoko Akabane, reporting in and stuff.  That’s what I’m supposed to say, right?  
Haruna: Um, that’s not really the proper format, and... 
Kyoko: Does that really matter at this point?  Jeez, I got stuck with two real pieces of work this time around, didn’t I? 
Tatsumi: You’re the real piece of work here!  So where are the others?  You can’t be the only Exorcist HQ sent to help us.  
Kyoko: Sorry, just me.  The others all bailed to help out some poor, innocent civilians in need.  I promise not to disappoint you, though!  
Haruna: W-We have to take on Shutendoji with only three people!?  
Kyoko: I know, right?  It’s a real pain; I’d honestly rather ditch and leave this to someone else.  
Tatsumi: Ditch?  There are people’s lives at stake!  This isn’t something where we can just close our eyes and run away, so how dare you say such a thing!  
Haruna: Tatsumi’s right!  We’re Exorcists, so we have to take this seriously!  
Kyoko: Let’s just get this over with.  

Before facing the first boss (Shutendoji)
Tatsumi: We’ve gotten pretty far; are we there yet?  
Haruna: I-I’m sensing a massive amount of spiritual energy!  There’s no doubt about it!  
Kyoko: Ugh, let’s get this over with.  
Tatsumi: In that chamber is Shutendoji!  For all the people that it’s killed, for all the lives that it’s ruined and for all the pain that’s it’s caused... we’ll exorcise it here!  Team, let’s move out!  
Haruna: R-Right!  

After defeating the first boss (Shutendoji)
Tatsumi: We... We did it!
Kyoko: I worked way too hard for that.  
Haruna: A-Anyways, I think we should head back up and report back to HQ.  
Kyoko: Already?  Apologize to my poor feet, would you?  
Tatsumi: Your whining’s only making this worse, Kyoko.  
Kyoko: And your overenthusiastic speeches only tire me out.  
Tatsumi: Overenthusiastic!?  Better than being an uncaring slacker!
Haruna: U-Um, I think we should just try to understand each other more... 
Kyoko: Says the maverick meathead blathering on about heroism!  
Haruna: E-Er... if we could just... nevermind... 
