Plays before Level 2-1 begins

Tatsumi: The briefing point was the city over that hill, right?  
Haruna: Y-Yes!  It’s a bit weird, though... normally we’d have received a message by now... 
Kyoko: Oh... Oh no...
Tatsumi: What happened here!?  The city’s in ruins!
Haruna: I-I don’t know!  We should’ve been able to meet up with other Exorcists here!  I’ll try contacting them now-
HQ: All available Exorcists, report!  This is an emergency broadcast!  I repeat, all available Exorcists report!  
Tatsumi: Kyoto Exorcists Tatsumi Hasegawa, Haruna Suzunashi and Kyoko Akabane reporting for duty!  What’s going on?  
HQ: Every exorcist in the prefecture is to evacuate at once.  Five hours remain before Operation Judgment begins.  
Haruna: O-Operation Judgment?
Kyoko: What are you talking about?  
HQ: Approximately three hours ago, the city was utterly destroyed by a rampaging Monstrosity.  Every Exorcist sent to defeat it perished.  
Tatsumi: You’re kidding me... 
Haruna: W-What’s the name of this Monstrosity?  
HQ: Yamato-no-Orochi.  
Kyoko: Yamato... no-Orochi... !
HQ: As a result, all civilians and Exorcists are to be evacuated from the area.  In five hours, the Kusanagi System will be used to eliminate the Monstrosity.  
Haruna: The Kusanagi System?  That drains all of the mana from the area it’s used on!  It would starve Yamato-no-Orochi, but-
Tatsumi: It would leave the prefecture unlivable for decades!  People have their lives and homes here!
HQ: The decision has already been made.  Your safety will not be ensured if you remain, Exorcist Hasegawa.  
Tatsumi: Screw that!  There’s no way I can accept something like this!  I’m signing off!
Haruna: Tatsumi, what are you-
Tatsumi: We’re moving out, right now!  
Haruna: What?  But-
Tatsumi: We’ve only got five hours to track Orochi down and kill it!  Once we finish it off, the higher-ups should call off the weapon!  Let’s go, Haruna!
Haruna: B-But Tatsumi, we need to-
Tatsumi: What are you talking about?  We’ve only got one thing to do, and that’s-
Haruna: Would you shut up and listen to what I’m saying for once!
Tatsumi: Haruna? 
Haruna: I’m tired of you ignoring what I say and dragging me along without even making a plan or evaluating the situation!  I thought that supporting you from behind and doing my best to make you didn’t get yourself killed was enough, but I’m sick of that!  We’re partners, so we need to work together, and that means you need to listen to me sometimes, Tatsumi!
Tatsumi: Haruna... I... I’m sorry.  It’ll take some time, but I’ll do my best to change.  What were you going to say?  
Haruna: Thanks, Tatsumi.  I’m sensing a large source of spiritual energy nearby, which is probably the Orochi.  It’s probably resting after it... fed... so this is our best chance to exorcise it.  Unfortunately, the rampage it went on undoubtedly released a host of other Monstrosities.  
Tatsumi: We’ll need to be careful, then.  We don’t have a lot of time, but that won’t matter if we never make it there in the first place.  Kyoto Exorcists, move out!  
Haruna: Right!
Kyoko: ...
Tatsumi: Kyoko?  Are you okay?  
Kyoko: Huh?  Yeah, I’m fine.  Just tired, you know?  I’d kill for a foot massage, or a good bath.  
Tatsumi: Alright then...
